.
Good evening everybody welcome to Giga Home Biological.
You can find me at gigaombiological.com or Gigaome.cia.
All of this stuff is on the same website.
able to download the stream deck every Friday. It used to be free. It used to come by email.
It's going to start again. The broadcast schedule is usually pretty up to date, although it's
going to be hard for me to promise any given start time, although I will try very hard.
At the email link, you can also find a voicemail that you can call in. Leave a question. I leave
a comment. You can also subscribe there if you'd like to become part of this officially.
Thanks very much, guys, for being here. Good to see all of you here again. And yeah,
happy Thanksgiving weekend. Let's keep this thing going.
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye,
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, good, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
his many, many pages on many, many people.
Don't be afraid to do it.
If you're bored, it's a great place.
It's getting place.
Sixteen minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian,
Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
But not again.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
my ears in today so I won't have this too bad. No it's not a replay. I'm here. Whoa and I'm not
pushing the buttons. Happy Friday Diva song. Happy Friday. Happy Friday it is indeed the faith
in the novel virus is still there and the faith is still alive. We've got to get this message out
ladies and gentlemen good to see you Idaho garden girl. I just saw a recent little documentary
about how Idaho people don't want anymore. Idahoans that's pretty cute. I can imagine that that's
the case. It feels like that in Pittsburgh too actually. Don't forget what these people are
defending is this faith in a novel virus. This is what we've got to dispel over the holidays if we
can for even one person. We've got to bring them to the light. We've got to get them out of the cave
ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining me. Oh now see that every once in a while the timing
is right. Every once in a while the timing is right. Good evening ladies and gentlemen welcome
to the show. This is King of home biological high resistance low noise information brief brought
to you by a biologist in the back of his garage in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It is the 24th of
November 2023 and we are still battling against this this illusion of consensus about a dangerous
novel virus. We are still battling this mystery we got tricked into solving about whether or not
they were covering up a lab leak and who was responsible for it and this slow role of a narrative
to make us believe that we actually figured out what happened and it indeed was a pandemic.
This is the trick that they played on us. And not everybody was participating willingly.
I went along with it for a very long time 2020. I was mostly bamboozled. 2021 still not quite there
yet seeing the whole picture for what it was still thinking there was something to figure out.
And so I participated as much as many others did. I just want to switch over to this really quick
because I think it's an interesting thing to cut about. I didn't point out all the people yesterday
because I wasn't so good at it. So I'm going to transform the picture now and try to point out
some of these people that I think are really important. First of all the people that we have
up on our diagram already Robert Malone, Nick Hudson, Brett Weinstein, and Denny Rancor.
I don't think I need to explain to you why their colors are different because
I have some suspicions that Brett Weinstein is an entirely on our team. I also have these
sneaky suspicion that Robert Malone is an entirely on our team. Does that mean that they're bad guys?
Not necessarily. It could just mean for any number of reasons they've chosen to work for the large
weaponized piles of money that in reality control our societies. And we have to be pretty honest
about it using pretty broad terms but we can, I think we can think about it this way, that there
are weaponized piles of money, piles of money that are large enough so that they can effectively be
used to control people, even set up a combination of different social media apps that can be used
to control people. Even use those apps to amplify people artificially to make it seem like certain
people are rising to the top and then use those people to limit the spectrum of debate, create a
very lively debate within that spectrum and make sure that the real presuppositions that are being
used to govern the people are never questioned. And so think very carefully about why it would be
that Steven Hatfield would be standing right there in the middle of that old picture.
What in the world is that guy doing there?
Harvard professor Harvey Reich, not really much to say about the dangerous novel virus
and millions of people died. The last time I talked to him, he said he had had his second case
of COVID, I believe, and it was really, really bad despite the fact that he had had all the shots
that he was supposed to have and was using hydroxychloroquine. And so basically everything that he thought he
understood about whatever this is, apparently he doesn't understand it. But that's okay.
There's Jill, Robert's wife, there's Meryl Nasse, long-time friend of the movement and
a long-time activist on behalf of the older anthrax vaccines was when she first came on the scene
speaking out against their deployment in the in the military.
So it's a really, really curious photo, especially with this guy right there in the middle. He is a
very strange fella. I don't exactly understand his role, but I can guarantee you that he is not
just some property owner with a wood shop in his garage who would just as soon have everybody
leave him alone so that he can make cabinets. I guarantee you that that's not the case.
He is in Romania for a reason. I don't know what it is, but every one of these people is there
for a reason. That's Byron Brittle, a very good guy, I believe. The guy that actually was breaking
the the story of the distribution of the RNA or sorry, I apologize, the lipid nanoparticle
from the Japanese data. And it was around that time, actually, that Robert Malone came out on
Brett Weinstein's podcast. I don't know exactly the timing there, but about the same time they
were burning Byron Brittle. I hope I'm not saying that wrong. I think it's Brittle, not Brittle. But
anyway, that's when Robert Malone started to become prominent. So it's an interesting
wall of people, especially in this social media space of Twitter, GAB, getter, telegram, signal,
discord, locals. All of these people tend to kind of operate on that level, except for those
that are more mainstream and can still do it on YouTube. And many, many, many of these people
are capable of, you know, they have staff and whatever that are capable of number one,
populating a channel of shorts, number two, populating multiple channels on multiple platforms.
So there's a lot of things that these people all share in common with regard to how their message
gets out there and how it is perceived to be amplified or censored and how they use that story
to say that, you know, you have to pay attention to me. Most of the time you have to pay attention
to them because they were censored and because they say they suffered so much from it. And if
you look around this circle, you can actually see quite a few people whose whose primary shtick
is that Stephen Kersch claims to be the number one misinformation spreader. Brett Weinstein
claims to have lost over half of his family's income when his YouTube channel was demonetized
because he put Robert Malone on who was is risking a whole lifetime career of of money and lives a
very meager life on a horse farm. All of these people have the same sort of kind of story here. I
mean, if you think about it, not necessarily all being censored, but all having some kind of reason
to speak out. But then none of these people are are streaming from a garage that they rent.
None of these people can claim to have been fired from a medical school because they spoke out
against testing and they spoke out against taking temperature at the door and they spoke out against
transfection. None of them can say that. There are people like that in the world. There are lots of
people like that in the world that gave up their career. They burnt their they lost their lifelong
business because they stood up for something. But for whatever reason, none of those people
seem to have risen to the cream of the crop in terms of the the dissident narrative and in
terms of the people that seem to get to travel from the United States to Romania and from the
United States to Sweden and from the United States to Brussels, from the United States to Italy and
from the United States to San Juan and from the mainland United States to Hawaii. I mean,
this this same group of people plus or minus has been a lot of places over the last three years.
And none of them are streaming from their garage. None of them have lost everything. None of them
have. I mean, you can lose everything and not lose everything, right? And then you can lose
everything. Like if you have Brett Weinstein says that he lost everything in 2017 despite the fact
that he got a half a million dollar settlement. I'm not really sure that's being completely
genuine. If if you say that you lost everything when your YouTube channel got demonetized, but
you replaced it with a whole host of other income that got even better and you sold a book
at the end, I mean, I don't know if you really lost everything
or did getting your YouTube channel sell twice as many books as would have sold if you didn't get
you know what I mean? I'm not really sure this math is being done as as genuinely as it could be.
And again, it has to do with protecting this narrative. That's the bottom line. Anybody
who's not explaining it at this point is being disingenuous, including the people who met
Denny Rancor in person in Romania, then came back and still haven't tweeted that Denny Rancor's
data shows that there's no spread. None of them have tweeted it. Robert Malone has very
conspicuously tweeted twice at least and done one sub stack, which is just the transcript of
Denny's talk and titled it 17 million people dead from the shot. So unless you read Denny's
transcript, which I guess most people aren't going to do because Robert puts out so many
sub stack articles, but unless you read it and you read that one line, you're actually not
going to read it. It's not going to really hit you like it should hit you because he's got other
papers, not just this one. That's about the shot, but he's got other papers that show that there's
no evidence of spread across counties in America. And so that's just, I mean, you know, they talk
to each other in person. They questioned each other. There's no doubt in my mind you've had,
you've seen Denny on our on our stream. If he took a selfie with Jessica Rose and Jessica Rose
saw his talk and she had any questions, he would have answered them. So she's aware that not only
does it show that millions of people perhaps have been killed by the shot, but it definitely
more importantly shows that there was no real evidence of spread.
And that should that should be on everybody's top priority list. I know it's on a mixed priority
list. He was there. But somehow the impression that was left on everybody at that place is not
strong enough for any of those prominent people in that picture to have tweeted anything about
there being no spread. Nobody did. And that should tell you all you need to know.
So why was Denny there? Well, it's to me. I'm sorry, but it's the same reason why I've been
invited to places, I'm afraid. It's to make you feel like you're making progress. It's make to
make you feel like people are hearing you. If they flew Denny Rancor into the Senate
or flew him into the parliament and and wherever it is in Canada, is it in Toronto? I don't know where it is.
But they're not they flew him to Romania.
I just don't I don't buy it. I don't think we're moving fast enough. I think we're being held back
by the same mythology. I think we're being held back because this mythology is not being questioned.
This illusion of consensus about a worst case scenario is not being questioned at all.
And nobody wants us to. Nobody will is allowed to question it. Otherwise, everybody would be
pouncing on this. It's very conspicuous that this is the border of the new world order. We are seeing
the bricks. We just ran into the wall here. And if nothing progresses from this point on when
they've all met him in person, when they've all seen his talk. And if all we're going to get out
of Robert Malone is that wow, 15 million, I mean, 17 million people have been killed by the RNA.
If that's all we're going to get out of it, we're not going to get a whole sub stack about how
striking it is that there's no evidence of spread.
That's pretty biologically striking. Is it not? Is that not remarkable?
I mean, I would love it if if mathematicians and statisticians would ask Denny for the data
and then go and verify it and people would put in the due diligence to prove him wrong.
To find a different signal.
You know, maybe we could put somebody on it. Maybe somebody like Steve Kirsch could put somebody
on it. Pair him up with with Denny and make sure that we're not screwing this up. But you
know, Denny's already publishing with a guy at Harvard. What more do you want? By the way,
single strand or small interfering RNAs indeed double stranded. I can explain it a little bit
now and I understand it a little bit better. But apparently, there is a protein complex that gets
formed with small interfering RNAs that allows the double stranded RNA to unfold and one side
stays in this complex and one side is then able to interact with complementary RNAs and
that's how it gets down regulates the the RNA that it's so it is this it is the mechanism that I
described but I was wrong and the lady did have the correct cartoon for the double stranded RNA
as being the small inhibitory RNA. My bad. I never claimed to be a high level molecular
biologist. I hope you realize that. I've taught myself all the molecular molecular biology I know
and everything that I knew before the start of the pandemic was because I needed to do in a specific
experiment and there's a fine line between announcement and warning and that's really
something that I want you to think about a lot as we move forward in this card game.
We have a lousy society. Our children have been taught all the wrong values and it's going to be
okay that it all comes apart. It's not something that that's not a giga ohm biological message
and anybody that tells you that it's okay if America falls apart is not being truthful.
It's not okay and in fact that may be the only way that we can save the future for our children
is to save what's left of the American republic and rebuild it. Not to allow chaos to develop
not to allow a full societal breakdown which is not okay
and yet there seems to be a message system happening right now on our side that says you
know get your bug out bag ready make sure you're ready to load your car up and drive out of the
city make sure you got enough guns for the zombie apocalypse.
What if we just didn't have a zombie apocalypse? What if we just took over our school boards? What
if we just made our neighborhoods the place that we want it to be? What if we just
taught this biology to everybody in the United States or enough people in the United States so
that we could avoid this calamity? Don't be lured into we're going to just let this happen.
It's just that I think the public needs to be informed we need to be told the benefits versus
the risk. We need to know what we're facing. Well the darker side of a polio vaccine and what
nobody knows is that Jonas Salk has pointed out that in the last 10 years in this country
two-thirds of all the cases of polio have been vaccinated. How many days is this on top and
there's nothing I can do about this sound it's an extremely old video but what we're talking
about here is 1985 on the Donahue show that's on television they're discussing whether or not
people are being injured by the polio vaccine.
Would you not interrupt me for a second? I know that doctors are used to interrupting patients
but not another doctor. I think but let's get he does make a point that we should also say
Sabin is live and the live vaccine in Salk is inactive as we say in the laboratory aren't
how many was it they asked? Well how many people know that the European epidemic of polio there
were about 20 or 30 cases in this country now of course the American doctors will argue that the
reason why polio disappeared in this country was because of the vaccine but then why did it disappear
in Europe in the 1940s and the 1950s without mass vaccination and I doesn't occur in the third world
where only 10% of the people have never been immunized against polio or anything else. So in
other words we may be fighting a tiger that died. That's quite correct. Ask the people in Great
Britain. Ask the people in Japan who are all over. Back here. Gentlemen if you please I've got
probably the smartest audience we've ever had. I have a question how long a delayed action
if any would you connect this with like MS?
MS a possibility. Would multiple sclerosis be one of the possible results? As a matter of fact
there's a new publication that just came out from John Hoffman the closest associate of Tony
that gives the references linking MS in later life to the early introduction of live virus
vaccines like measles and like some of the others in the live viruses. Now at the present time
I would recommend that anybody who has MS or amiotrophic lateral sclerosis or any of those
degenerative neurologic conditions of later life carefully review their vaccine histories.
I would also like to comment to that because in connection with my case I've been doing some
research. Let me tell them once again Ms. Gundy that you're a Guillain-Barre victim
contracted following the following year receipt of the swine flu vaccination.
Yes and I am in the process of writing a book about my experience and in the process I've done
considerable research and from what I have learned it looks as if immunizations frequently caught
out of immune diseases not only on the race syndrome but lupus, rheumatoid arthritis,
multiple sclerosis and other types of things. Now I have no data at this point.
We should also say that there's a good deal of evidence suggesting that multiple sclerosis may
be the result of a distemper in an animal that the victim received during childhood.
None of this is absolutely nailed to the wall but that's the problem with this. How's
what's a mother to do with all of these balls in the air and nobody really certain.
I would just like to also comment that we had 46 million people vaccinated at the swine flu shot
and I have written to Ralph Nader's organization. I have written to some of the other organizations
claim to get them to do a survey, a long-going survey to see if these vaccinations do cause
all the immune diseases or not the reactions are. I can't even get a response because I'm not a
doctor. I have no clout. I'm a nobody. Mrs. Graham, why were you shaking your head?
Well, it is known with that vaccine. It's a law vaccine. They are not interested in the
adverse reactions. As a matter of fact, if I may, I'd like to invite anyone to write to me if they'd
have an adverse reaction. I'd like to help the government because they don't want to know but
I would like to know. I am a mother of three children and I have been informed and I've read
up on these things and I chose not to vaccinate my children but when they get to school, why is
it that I have to fight for my rights as a mother and a choice I can make?
Just quickly, we're along but that's a very important question. Here are the states
in which you either have the totally free decision about whether or not to vaccinate or there's,
we're calling them loophole states, states where they're not going to send your child to
solitary if you don't have a scar. All right, California, not all children must be immunized
in these states. Some require religious reasons. Some places there is a bureaucratic
find this Colorado, Toronto, Vermont, Washington. You see that this is Phil Donahue in 1985. What
happens one year later? The vaccine act is passed and the discussion is ended and you will never
have a state or federal court case about it because again, the vaccine act established this thing
where there's a court with a special master that's not even really a court.
And the crazy thing is my new friend Ralph Hazelhurst is actually one of the guys whose kid is in the
one of the original autism omnibus cases is one of the lawyers at CHD
been fighting for years. Just running around in circles with these people saying that nobody's
ever been injured. Nobody gets injured. The people that have been injured have been compensated.
We've got nothing to complain about. There's nothing to see here. 1985
All you college kids out there who are too young to know, too young to be aware of this,
you have to understand that this history is there. It's still barely findable, but it's there.
And this is the history you need to understand. This is where it started.
It hasn't always been this way.
People didn't always lie. America wasn't always about fake until you make it.
America actually used to be about being honest and working hard to get where you needed to go
to achieve your goals if that's the way you want to phrase it.
We need to get back there, ladies and gentlemen, and don't let them tell you that we can't.
Don't let them tell you that we can't.
Even in the process of trying to remember how it used to be, we will improve ourselves infinitely.
If we let these people keep leading us by our nose, we're going to be stuck in this trap forever.
Anyone who fortunately took the vaccine is a much higher risk for blood clots.
So there's over the counter substance called enacetylcysteine, or NAC.
And it's a powerful substance that prevents blood clots,
inhibited sulfide bonds, whatever, but it prevents blood clots.
It's also it makes glutathione, which is a very powerful antioxidant.
And when human cells are attacked, they get what's called oxidative stress.
So it's like an extra layer of protection against assault.
So that's for people that have been vaccinated or at high risk for the blood clots.
Then I recommend a zinc ionophore.
In other words, if you get enough zinc into your cell, you'll be protected from single-stranded RNA
viruses. What are single-stranded RNA viruses?
All the strains of COVID, I'm going to say to you, call the strains of COVID.
I don't care which variant is, all variants are treated the same way by me.
It also inhibits influenza virus.
I'm sure the pharmaceutical industry is very happy that I'm
basically disseminating information that the flu shot is no longer
really necessary at best. It works around 38% a year.
And even with the flu shot from 2015 to 2020, each year we had 40 million cases
of the flu in America and around 40,000 dead, half of which were kids.
So the influenza shot and the treatment approaches that we have aren't very good.
No, they're not.
That's trusted zinc.
Yeah, but you need to get zinc in the right place, but you need a zinc ionophore.
And those are the over-the-counter options.
You have a corsetin, q-u-e-r-c-e-t-i-n,
so biflavinoid derivative of onions and apple peels.
Go to the counter.
And then there's another one called EGCG, which is even more powerful.
EGCG is a green tea extract.
The point is there's peer-reviewed papers on the NIH that all document
that these substances are very powerful zinc ionophores.
Then obviously you need zinc.
Vitamin D3 is absolutely essential.
And you should have levels between 15 and 70.
Because all the data shows, every few papers that people have high normal levels of vitamin D,
they're virtually assured not to get admitted in the intensive care use.
Otherwise your immune response is upregulated, it's very robust,
and it protects you and helps you overcome any infection or most infections.
And vitamin C. Vitamin C is an important cofactor in many processes.
It's a three-year immune system.
And so those substances, which are all available over the counter,
they're affordable, should be within grasp of every single entity.
And so of course we know how that message was elevated and how quickly that went viral
on the internet and how quickly everybody around the world had high respect for
Dr. Zebzalenko and his insight into how all single-stranded RNA viruses could potentially be
fortified against.
I know that we saw this on the front page of most magazines and newspapers,
and some even had a fold out.
Now in a real world, in a real good world, in a real,
if that really is what was necessary, and that was really the answer,
because it was an RNA virus spreading around the world, that knowledge
should have gone somewhere, but it didn't.
Maybe it got where it needed to go.
But I'll tell you what got where it needed to go actually.
I think we're in the middle of it.
Excuse me, is you can find this on Ube Alshner's
substack and on his Twitter.
There was a second corona supposium put on by the alternative for Germany party.
And if you're not familiar with the AFD, that is the party that Christine
Anderson is a part of, a quite prominent spokesman,
a spokeswoman in the European Parliament and a very outspoken person about certain things
with regard to the pandemic and lockdowns and this kind of thing.
It was a five hour or so symposium.
The link is here.
I can probably, I think we're in the middle of it.
I can probably give that to you.
I'm going to go back here and maybe I have it, maybe I have it here.
So this, this movie is pretty long,
but you can grab that link and then it's at three hours and 28 minutes that Michael
Yeden has mentioned.
And so I'm going to play this video first so I can kind of remind you of the kind of
things that Michael Yeden says.
And then hopefully I'm just queuing you up right now, 86 people in the chat.
If anybody speaks German, go get your Q-tips and clean your ears or go get your earbuds
and put them on because after this, I'm going to play a couple clips from that,
that section where I think we can glean some information about what was said
with regard to Mike and then what was said at the edit.
And Sukhred Bhakti actually says something that I've included in here and I hope we can
watch it together.
And then I'm going to go to bed.
So let's listen, see if we can get this to go.
I think we're in the middle of an ongoing crime.
I've no idea how long it's going to last.
I think it's, I'm convinced that it will be the biggest crime in history.
It's global, it has the intent of control, removing everybody's freedom.
And I personally think we'll involve killing further millions, if not billions of people.
That makes it a pretty big competitor for the title, World's Crime and History.
It is long plans.
I went boy with the details, but I've definitely come across information that shows that the
components of the deceit that they've used, PCR, exaggerated PCR testing, the use of fear-based
messaging through the media, this stuff's been rehearsed by militaries and the people we might
think of as the spooks for at least 25 years and possibly longer.
So it's long plan, very serious.
Here's the thing why I'm calling you to arm.
It's not going to return to the old normal.
One, that's never their intention.
So it's not going to happen passively because it's not, there isn't an actual
phenomenon that's going to wear off.
They're not going to allow it to return to normal.
So if you comply with this tyranny, it will end with the loss of your liberty and probably your
life. The supply chains that move materials, raw materials and finished goods around the world
are being sawn through on a global scale.
You only got to look at where the shipping is, where it should be and where it actually is.
And, terrifyingly, the same is happening to food production, worldwide food and fertiliser production.
It's in the wrong place.
It's deliberate.
They're smashing the means of manufacturing enough calories to keep 7.8 billion people alive.
And, you know, where do you think that's going to end?
Well, the answer is mass starvation or a global migration.
That's what's going to happen if you and everybody else choose to do nothing at all.
Also, economic instruction, we can see happening around us.
Interest rates will rise on the back of huge debts that will just cause mass bankruptcies,
rolling, recessions, depressions, things like that.
And I would also imagine loss of confidence in the very thing called money.
So any savings you've got, I think they'll just vanish.
Literally, people will just say, I no longer trust sterling.
I don't want to accept it.
And so all your savings are worth nothing.
So if you wait, I believe it will be too late.
I think you already know that I'm broadly telling you something that's closer to the
reality than what government's telling me.
But I believe that we can head off the worst crimes in history by actively withdrawing our
consent and definitely not accepting these digital ID for any reason, any reason.
If you accept it, they will sweep over us.
And so just in the last few words, I implore you to get involved,
to use some of what I and others are saying to you, be brave actually.
You have to be brave now and risk embarrassment.
So let's presume that he basically said the same thing at this thing, right?
We can presume that.
So the first thing that I will point out is that this guy got introduced.
I'm going to put the video forward in a second because the clip is too long.
There's a suit.
Can you see my arrow?
Succard Bockty sitting right here.
And this guy is speaking, who I think is Dr. Hawkert's here that's listed.
And then right here, it says DY, but that's actually Michael Eden.
And you can see it here.
It says Dr. Mike Eden.
So this is Dr. Mike Eden, DY.
So he's waiting on zoom and he's going to speak.
But when we go forward to this three minutes here, and then we watch it from here,
I'm going to search from the beginning.
See, so he's going to introduce him Dr. Michael Eden,
is to show us how it is.
There's a secret to Professor Hawkert.
I'll start now where he's going to come from from this
good keeps going.
And then there's a cut last month prescription.
international and interdisciplinary and now some other people are speaking. So there was no
my own and so now I'm gonna go back again and I'm gonna try and find more. I just wanted to make
sure that he was actually saying it, but he is, we've confirmed it multiple ways. So this is not
my work. This is actually Uve's work. So don't don't think that I've done this. This is a German
friend of mine. Long story about how he met, but he's one of the real freedom fighters over there.
And yeah, it's he's become a very fast friend of mine. And so this has really worried me a lot.
I'm really happy that he brought it to my attention. I think everybody that has any
possibility of acting on behalf of this, because think about this. I want you to see it very
carefully. Christine Anderson's party put on a corona symposium at which Michael Yeadon spoke
and then their archive of it doesn't have the Michael Yeadon speech in it. That would be like
Donald Trump's party. Donald Trump throws a coronavirus party and then everybody that speaks
and then you know, I don't know who do you want it to be? Michael Yeadon speaks and they edited it out.
Would that be okay with you? If Donald Trump did that, would it be okay with you in the Netherlands?
If Wilders did that, the Netherlands just elected a guy who thinks that Gaza should be a parking lot.
The Netherlands just elected a guy who is ultra right, but also totally in photographs with
WEF people and with Bill Gates.
It is absolutely shocking that the skilled TV watchers are lemming themselves off the cliff
right now and we must wake them up because their the state is not playing around anymore.
Germany's not even faking it. They're not even pretending.
Their own right-wing parties are controlled.
I'm going to have Uve on my show in the next week or so and we're going to talk all about Germany
and about well, we need to talk about a lot of things.
But this is unacceptable, but this is where we are. Germany is not playing.
But what's strange about it is is that remember that Sucred Bakhti was also under threat of
jail or something. He was accused of trees and I thought.
But now here he is at this far right party, far right party in Germany.
Did you know that there was a real far right party in Germany that the German government tried to ban?
And then the Supreme Court of Germany said no, we're not going to ban it.
Well, why aren't you going to ban it? Well, because you already have it infiltrated to the highest levels.
So why would we ban a party that's actually run by the government? That's in court documents in Germany.
Here we are a decade later and they seem to more or less be doing it the same way but with more sophistication.
But think about how important it is that they threw a party for the dissidents.
They had five hours of lectures and of all the lectures that they decided to edit out. Let's not have mics in there.
Wouldn't want mics in there.
Where he likely said what he said in that previous video.
Which is as Tony said in the chat, it's pretty big downer when he's so bang on the money.
Because withdrawing our consent is a big move.
And the first few people who do it are going to feel really alone.
Maybe for a really long time.
But we've got to do it, ladies and gentlemen. I think we've got to start doing it.
We've got to find ways for us to start doing it.
So listen, what does he say here?
Yeah.
It's, it's hard, decent, tight, spontan, fuhoiter,
eing about it for four guests then.
That's why I can't understand German. But I swear he just said that this was not planned.
I swear he said it.
Did he not say it? Did anybody hear it?
He said that it's not planned. He said it was a spontaneous something something, but it was not planned.
It's planned.
Hurry up.
Would you hear it?
Listen.
It's hard, decent, tight, spontan, fuhoiter,
eing about it for four guests then.
That's why I can't understand.
Did you hear it?
This one needs to be planned.
And I understand that Dutch and German are not the same language, so I could be a retard,
but I'm telling you, I'm sorry, Jackie, I could be an idiot.
But this sure sounds like he's saying this was spontaneous, this was not planned.
It's not done yet.
It's hard, decent, tight, spontan, fuhoiter, eing about it for four guests then.
The sponger needs to be planned.
So they probably took him out because he said that and probably
the secret doesn't mind.
The guy who oh my gosh, I can't even believe I I want to say this,
but do you see what I where we're going here?
Do you see how scary it is?
Who's going to say it if I don't say it?
Who else is going to dare look at this and just add this up?
Who's going to do it?
I'm dividing everybody now, secret's a hero.
Yes, secret is a hero, absolutely.
But why don't we put it all the way to the goal line?
Does he really believe that this wasn't planned?
I guess it's possible.
I guess it's possible that it wasn't planned.
But then why does it hurt to have that idea out there?
Wouldn't a spontaneous disaster be different from a planned event
and stand the scrutiny that a planned event wouldn't?
Are we so afraid of a narrative that's untrue that we can't talk about it?
I thought that's what we were fighting about for the first two years.
It's not like he's just nobody.
He's Mike Eden.
He's been speaking out as long as anyone.
I find this to be a problem.
I don't know who the problem is.
It could be that the party is the problem.
And we don't even know the name of the people who decided to take that out.
Maybe Sukhid Bhakti complained.
Maybe he was mad.
Maybe he was never even consulted.
And once he finds out, he'll say something.
I don't know, but I hope that's for sure.
Because if this just fizzles out into the wind and nobody says anything to anyone
and nobody asks Christine Anderson, what the hell's going on with the AFD party?
Wouldn't this be a wonderful time for Christine Anderson to come forward and say,
hey, somebody in my party took down Mike Eden's video.
All Mike Eden says is that they're going to do digital ID and digital currencies in
order to control us.
Is Christine Anderson afraid to say that?
Because if she's worried about our freedom, she should be a hell of a lot more worried about that
than the WHO.
Holy balls.
This is some serious, serious stuff here, ladies and gentlemen.
This is absolutely serious.
Red alert, serious.
I don't have that one anywhere.
I need a red alert.
Whole ladies and gentlemen, this train pulling and pushing exercise has been going
along for a while.
And they fooled us because they all did it together in coordinated action.
They pretended that they were doing something useful to augment a natural
phenomenon, a conflated background signal.
They all participated in this theater at some point, wittingly or unwittingly.
And now they're still participating in it.
Making these stories last longer and longer and people keep asking this question when they
should be asking, is there evidence of spread?
Is this evidence of spread?
Is this evidence of a novel virus?
It's not because the math isn't done.
You've got to subtract all the people that you didn't resuscitate because you were afraid to
bring them into the hospital in New York City.
You got to separate all the subtract all the people that you've
ventilated with extra pressure so that the virus wouldn't get out.
You got to all the people that you sent back to old folks homes without antibiotics and steroids.
All the people that you put on Remdesivir in the hospitals over 2020 and 2021 and 2022.
And oh my gosh, can you believe it's still 2023 and almost 2024.
Hopioi deaths, ladies and gentlemen, are just continuing to rise.
Nobody cares.
And the accounting is really great, right?
Because the death certificate fraud is wide and crazy and there is a financial reason to do it.
They lied to us about this with a consensus and the consensus still exists.
It's not gone.
It's there.
It was there in Romania.
In that picture, the consensus was there.
That there was a novel virus.
Even if there was a new star of the show named Denny Rancor,
the faith in the novel virus escaped Romania unscathed, unchallenged.
And that faith is a lie because that has to be a conflated background signal.
It has to be.
It is the only possible biological explanation that does not involve further human intervention
and malfeasance on top of a conflated background signal.
In other words, I am also certain that if you subtract whatever man-made nonsense
was added to that conflated background signal,
the conflated background signal is still pretty dominant.
I think they're doing this because they need to invert our children's sovereignty to permission
so that they can start to require that all of their data is collected.
They don't need everybody.
They just need most of us and they don't need us.
They need our children.
We're too old.
They need our DNA from the start.
They need our medical data from the start.
The more they can get, the better.
Who knows where they're going to store it or how they're going to store it long enough
until they can feed it into their AI.
But I'm sure they got lots of plans on how to do it.
It's great.
It's probably just an infrastructure problem.
Please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group
by any means necessary.
Share Mr. Sparkles videos wherever you find them.
The more you know, the better will be.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy animals is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned in tegrities.
I am going to sound like a broken record with regard to these statements,
ladies and gentlemen, because these are the core message of giga-ol biological
a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Thank you very much for joining me and I will see you again tomorrow because
tomorrow is another day and we do it every day here at Gigo and Biological.
The independent bright web, the interdisciplinary bright web, the invisible bright web.
We're here now and add some people every week and every month and until we have something
that encounter the governance mythology and its various means of deployment.
The mythology is being deployed and we have to work against it.
That's what the independent bright web is going to be.
Maybe it'll catch on.
I don't know.
I hope it does.
See you guys again tomorrow.
Have a good night.
Thanks ladies and gentlemen again.
I will see you tomorrow as Streak will stay alive.
I can promise you that.
I feel great and thank you very much for joining me.